well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so a book was read in the school
and a parent got mad outraged actually
that's the word the headline outraged
which is fitting because this is the
outrage of the week something for people
to argue about make it seem like it's
new and this is just something that is
just coming up because of the liberal
gay agenda
apparently the parent was uncomfortable
because the historical figure was gay
okay
uncomfortable I cannot imagine what's
going to happen when your child actually
starts learning about history the
extermination of entire peoples nuclear
war genocide slavery these things are
uncomfortable to talk about
the fact that somebody was gay not so
much not so much but let's just for the
sake of argument attempt to apply this
standard we're not going to talk about
gay people in school okay Alexander the
Great so we're not gonna talk about the
Greeks Julius Caesar can't talk about
the Romans Michelangelo Leonardo da
Vinci there goes the Renaissance Sally
Ride first female astronaut Alan Turing
I can't talk about technology Florence
Nightingale was gay Walt Whitman Oscar
Wilde I can talk about the arts history
would get really really really bare if
we didn't talk about gay people
talking about gay people in school will
not normalize them they've been around
thousands of years it's not something
that needs to be normalized something
that has existed that long it's pretty
normal if you like I'd be happy to go on
like a talk show and talk to you about
this in person I doubt you'd go on Ellen
though you know that list just one came
up with off the top of my head
it's almost like homosexuality has been
around a really really long time it's
almost like there's been a whole lot of
homosexual people that have done some
pretty amazing things it's almost like
they are part of history and if you're
going to discuss history and you're
gonna discuss anything of importance
you're gonna run across some gay people
it's almost like they're here and you
need to get used to it
anyway it's just a thought
do I have a good night